Certainly. Turn left at Lighting
and it's just past Ladies Wear.
Nice one, ta.
We should leave. People are giving
us some pretty dirty looks.
No, we fit right in, man!
Sure, we might not be cash rich, but
it's obvious we're classy guys.
Here we go, the taster counter.
Get stuck in, it's free.
Yep, really classy.
If you load up, you can
taste a full meal.
Can I help you, gentlemen?
We're just browsing, thanks.
And eating.
I'm browsing with my mouth.
Just having a little taste
- try before you buy.
And are you planning to
buy that chicken leg?
Probably not now, to be honest.
We're sorry about this.
No, we're not! This
is totally legit.
For all this guy knows, we could
be mega-minted poshos in disguise.
It would be a superb
disguise. Cheers.
Take us to the bed section, my good
man. I want to try one of them.
Security!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Agh. This chair is
like a torture device.
I've asked Flavia for one with
back support so many times.
At least you get a chair. I
have to stand still all day.
Think you could stand a bit stiller?
Hard to score if you're jiggling.
I don't want you to score!
Come on! Getting balls in your jug
is the only fun part of my day.
Stop it! Calm down.
I don't want them in my
jug. Open your mouth, then.
Give him something to aim at. I
don't want your balls in my mouth!
It might shut you up
for once, water boy.
Sorry. He's been trying to get balls
in my jug all day. I don't care.
Paper balls. Stop
talking. Water man.
Boys, I'd like to introduce you to
Ramases, he's on work experience.
Hey, guys. Cool office.
I'm giving him a
tour of the company,
starting with the talking turds
in the copy room and working up.
We should press on
before we catch worms.
Could I stay and play the
jug game for a bit, please?
No, we're going to the
grain store. Chop, chop!
Have you thought about my request
for a chair with back support?
I have, and if the problem
persists, I will take steps...
It will - ..to hire a copier
with a stronger back.
Right. I'm sure I'll
manage, then. Good.
It's so bloody demeaning.
Even that gimpy work-experience
kid is treated better than us.
You can say that again. He's
got a sedan chair, look! Hup!
Oi, Ramases! It's Stylax and
Marcus, the talking turds.
Hey, guys. Is this
sedan chair yours?
It's my dad's, actually.
I sort of crashed my one
taking it off-road.
Holy shit! I know, it was really
stupid and I've learned my lesson.
My dad's one's way bigger,
though, if you guys need a lift.
All right. Who's the flat-top?
This is Ramases. He's Egyptian.
Right, yeah. Them the ones
with the pointy houses?
Pyramids, yeah. Please, guys,
you can call me Rambo.
I said Rambo could join us
for dinner tonight, Grumio?
Fine, yeah. There is no dinner.
Right. First-class slaving.
It's cool. I've got my dad's
charge card for the Emporium
if you wanna run and
grab some stuff.
Wicked. I mean, I'd rather not run
but... So take the sedan, if you like.
Yeah.
I do like.
Excuse me.
No, no, no, not you again. Shoo!
Hop it. I will not allow you
to ravage our luxury foods.
How about I buy 'em, then?
Ptolemy Hachmenenet?
Is the name of my master, yes.
He sent me to fetch his scran.
And I am absolutely delighted
you chose us, sir.
Pray tell what your master is craving
and I will do my utmost to help.
I thought you might. Well,
he mainly likes meat.
Lovely. Shall I fetch a basket?
Get a trolley, I would.
I thought I'd cover all
the major food groups.
So sorry about this, Rambo. It's
cool, man, it's Dad's money.
He won't even notice.
You ever had mice?
We have, but more as an
infestation than a delicacy.
So is Daddy properly loaded?
Er...yeah, I guess so.
He owns, like, a shipping
company and a sawmill thing
and a marble... whatever
it's called - hole?
Quarry? Yeah!
And the grain company.
The grain company that we
work for? He owns that?
Yeah.
Well, I actually own it now.
He kind of gave it to me.
Boom! Well done,
Rambo. Well, sort of.
I'd much rather be working at the
shipping place, to be honest.
But I sort of burnt my boats
there after the er...fire.
So Dad moved me to grain, which
is obviously super lame!
But at least I met you guys.
Nice mice.
The spoilt brat has
the whole company.
When I was his age, I
didn't even have pubes.
Really? You said he was 16?
Yeah, I was a late starter.
The point is, this kid can force
Flavia to get me a new chair.
And fix the bogs, and oil
that very squeaky door.
And lower the price of grain.
Er...yeah, maybe. I mean -
People are starving, Marcus. I
haven't eaten bread for weeks.
I thought you were on
a wheat-free diet?
Not by choice, dickhead.
I can't afford it.
The grain companies are fucking us in the
arse, and expecting us to swallow it.
Yeah, that does sound bad.
It's a disgrace, and a little
more urgent than a squeaky door.
You haven't heard it. It's like...
Eee-whaaargh...
But, yeah, ending starvation.
I'll add that to the list.
Salve, Grumio. All
right, landlord.
Obvious question - why
are you licking a bag?
Yeah, I got in a load of
posh nosh last night.
The bag's still got
salami juice on it.
Lovely, lovely. Do
you fancy a dab?
No, I'll leave it
for now, thanks.
No, I've still got Rambo's card.
Yes! I've still got
Rambo's chuffing card!
Yep, my master will like that.
Your master must be
quite the foodie, sir.
He's one of the foodiest
fellas you'll ever meet.
What else is good here, then?
Now, we are famed
for our seafood.
You what? See food?
What's 'see food'?
Fruits de mer, sir - cockles,
whelks, crabs, mussels...
Them shiny pebbles?
That's food, is it?
They are something of a delicacy,
sir. Well, bung 'em in the bag.
And give me one of
them pies with legs.
No, no!
Keep still! No, you're not
even supposed to be in here.
Two points for
straight in? Wicked.
And one point if it goes in
off the backboard. Backboard?
Do you mean me? What are
we calling this game?
How about... 'Get the
ball in the jug'?
Or 'Super juggy throw throw'?
Or... Jugball?
Yes, jugball!
You're a genius! We should play
every day. Make it company policy.
Right, yeah!
Brilliant. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That would be brilliant.
In fact, there are loads of
cool changes you could make
now you're in charge, Rambo.
We could have - I dunno, comfy chairs,
working toilets, non-squeak doors...
What do you mean, 'in charge'?
If you lower the price of
grain, people will buy more.
Steady on, Professor. I don't get
any of that business-y shit.
I said I'd leave all
that to Flavia.
He's just a dickless intern!
Flavia is out of touch.
She just sits in her office
getting her nails done,
while the staff get bad
backs and blocked-up bogs.
Sorry, Prof. I promised my dad
I wouldn't rock the boat.
I did that at the shipping company
and three people drowned.
I should just keep my head down.
Sorry... Do you own the
company? Big time.
Right, well, in that case,
I will keep my jug still.
Sorry for calling you dickless.
Yes, congratulations,
boss! Great throw!
From downtown for five points...
Interception! Turnover.
Interception? Since when?
Just now. He shoots...
He scores! That's eight-all.
New ball, please,
Prof. - coming up.
We should make it doubles!
Then we'd have someone to pass
to and high-five! Yes, love it!
Let's choose team-mates.
Who's sporty here?
Everyone, who's good at sport?
No! Whatever it is that's
happening out here, no!
And why is water boy
strapped to a column?
Water man. But, yes, I completely
agree. We're playing jugball.
As I say, no. You're going to the
Legal Department, where I put you.
Come on, it's eight-all.
I'm sorry that this
massive grain company
is getting in the way of your
cretinous game, shredder.
It's not cretinous,
it's brilliant!
And if you actually cared
about this company,
you'd give people squeakier chairs and
lower the price of toilets or whatever.
Right, guys? Yeah... Well,
something like that.
OK. Well, clearly, someone's
a little bit tired.
So let's go and get a
nice glass of milk.
I'm not tired! You're tired.
You're tired and you're fired.
Excuse me? You're firing me?
That's right, Flave.
It's time to make way for a guy who
knows what's really needed here.
You don't even know how
to wipe your own bottom.
Not me, the Professor.
He's got ideas - big ones.
Isn't that right, Prof?
Damn right, Rambo. I see.
In two days, you'll be
begging me to come back.
Yeah?
In two days, you'll be
begging us for change!
On the streets!
Yes, Prof! Rinser!
Right, let's go jugball.
Everyone has to watch.
Now, that's a good chair.
Me tooth's all hurty. It's
one of my best ones and all.
Maybe it's a wisdom tooth. Unlikely
Grumio'd have any of them.
Why are you dressed
like an adult?
Because I'm a big cheese, now,
baby, and don't you forget it.
Don't you forget to lower
the price of grain, then.
Yes, yes, on my list. Below fixing
the loos but above the squeaky door.
You - we've gots to go.  Hoots!
Good morning, everyone.
My name is Marcus Gallo.
I'm the new Head of HR.
Under my watch, this company is
going to look after everyone -
from the brainy
boffins in Accounts,
all the way down to Lena the
cleaner, starting today.
Also starting today, guys,
there's a big jugball tournament
here on the jugball court.
Please come and watch Stylax and
his team-mate take on me and Urbo.
Where'd you get him from?
He works in Finance, I think.
Jove's sake, he's like a tree!
Hence why he moved
me up here. What?
You can't change the rules
just cos you found a tree man.
You have to check with me first.
No, it's my sport. I invented it.
I've been playing it for
ages! It's my sport.
Is this still the
meeting? No, ignore that.
Basically, my point was...
Hello, I'm Marcus.
I'm gonna do some really good
stuff around here for you. So...
Like what? Like, well...
give you comfier chairs and unblock the
toilets... and oil that squeaky door.
Thank you.
Yes, exactly.
For too long, this company has
put profits above people.
Yeah.
If there's anything you need at any
point, just ask and I will deliver.
Thank you very much.
Could I go and find a big man
for my jugball side, please?
Yeah. Not exactly what I had in
mind, but OK, fine. Wicked, thanks.
It's terrible! I
can't eat anything.
You don't know any
dentists, do you?
Davus here could extract the bad
tooth, if you want. What, really?
Is he a dentist, then? Well, he's
a dentish. He's got a hammer.
Davus? Yeah?
Smash out Grumio's bad tooth. Of
course, boss. Just give it a wipe.
Very good. Very medical.
All right, fella. Just
lean back for me there.
Do you not want to know
which tooth it is first?
Yeah, go on, then, mate.
It's that wonky one there.
I'll sort of aim
in that ballpark.
Stay still for me.
I-I might leave it, actually.
Yeah, probably for the best.
No, I don't like it!
Everyone's loving it
under the new boss, man.
I've heard several
people call you 'nice'
and one woman even
say 'fairly hot'.
Well, if you listen to what people
need, they will thank you for it.
Thanks for letting me get my new
partner, by the way, Big Paulus.
Good, isn't he? Well,
he's tall, yeah.
Which is what it's all about
now we've raised the jug
and swapped the
papyrus for apples.
Bitey-bitey, eyes shut tighty!
My Jove! Where did
you get him from?
I just saw him guarding
the grain store.
I was, like, 'Big boy,
you're coming with me!'
And I'm killing Rambo
thanks to you.
You are welcome.
Hang on...so who's guarding
the grain store now?
Yeah, no... no one.
Shit!
Stop!
Stop! Stop it!
Oi! Oi!
Well, well, well.
The Professor.
What brings you out here, then?
Just concluding... you
know, a big sale.
Pleasure doing
business with you!
How much did they
steal? Not much.
A bit, yeah. Quite
a lot, actually.
It's fine, though.
I can handle it.
Of course you can.
If you'll excuse me, I've just
bought darling little Rex.
I've got a busy day of
stroking ahead of me.
Out of interest, what would
you do if you were me?
Some kind of nose
job, I imagine.
About the burglary.
That's easy - make a few cutbacks,
fire some of the fat ones.
And if you're very low on grain,
you're gonna have to raise the price.
Right, yeah. That's
not an option.
So maybe get fired and
buy a puppy, then.
Really working for me.
Which style of cuisine would your
master most favour today, sir?
He's still keen on the seafood
but he's after something...soft.
Soft, sir?
He's a busy man, he don't
want to waste time chewing.
I understand completely.
I would suggest caviar.
Caviar, what?
They're fish eggs.
Soft as silk but
terrifically tasty.
Fish eggs?
Now that, my friend, is scrummy.
Hello again.
Just to say, despite
what I said earlier,
we sadly had a burglary this afternoon,
so now have to make a few cutbacks.
Fixing the toilets
will have to wait.
Typical! It is typical.
It's typical of one or two antisocial
grain thieves who ruin it for everyone.
It's your fault for moving Big Paulus
up here to play their stupid jug game.
Shut up. It's a great game.
Either way, we also can't
afford new chairs.
Classic!
You say you're one of us but
you're just another lying exec
looking after your mates. I,
for one, won't stand for it.
Right, OK.
Anyone else won't stand for it? Raise
your hand if you won't stand for it.
That is good to know
because we do need to
make some redundancies,
so you're all fired.
What? I was stretching!
I will stand for it.
We need to reduce
spending pretty urgently.
I'm afraid it's a case
of 'no pain, no grain'.
Yeah, Prof, the company bought this
gold jug for the tournament later.
So we'll need a bit
more pain, then.
Sorry.
Let's lose... the guy with the
monobrow and Lena the cleaner.
What? You can't fire Lena!
Why are you still here? End of
meeting, everyone back to work.
Apart from those who've been
sacked. You have to go.
Now.
Not even fixed the squeaky door!
Fish eggs. Cor.
Workers united will
never be defeated!
The workers united will
No, please!
I'm a worker too!
I'm working very hard here!
Lena's worked here for 45 years.
So she probably
needs a rest, then!
Give us back our
jobs, you arsehole.
Not now you all hate me.
The workers united will
never be defeated!
..cheaper grain. When
do we want it? Now!
What do we want? Cheaper grain!
When do we want it? Now!
Delphine? What are
you doing here?
What are you doing here, Marcus?
You said you'd cut grain prices
and then you raised them!
I had to! Can you not
protest against me, please?
Why would you do that?
Because he's looking after
himself and his cronies, love.
Mate, I'm trying to have a
conversation with my girlfriend.
You go out with this arsehole?
I do, yes. And stop
calling me that!
You could do a lot better!
Thank you. Shut up, please.
I'd dump him. Dump
him! Dump him!
Dump him! Dump him!
Dump him!
I mean, this is not how I
thought today would go. Yeah.
Welcome to my world.
OK, let's go, Team Rambo.
Hit it, girls.
# Rambo, Rambo, he's our man #
If he can't do it, no one can!
What? Why don't I have girls?
I invented the game, I get the
cheerleaders. That's the rules.
Prof, I meant to say, I gave them all
jobs in marketing. Hope that's cool.
You three are fired,
in that case.
We can't afford you any more.
Er...has it started yet?
Not yet, G-Man,
you're just in time.
Yo, Rambo.
Looks like I got a
cheerleader of my own.
Please don't employ him.
Give us a chant, G-Man.
# Come on, Stylax, you can do it # Stick
that ball in the bastard jug Not bad.
# Rambo!
Paulus!
Rambo! Agh!
OK. 53-all.
Next point wins.
Urbo!
Yes, Paulus!
Bitey-bitey, eyes shut tighty!
Hi, Dad.
Don't you 'hi, Dad'
me, you little prick.
What did I say? What's the
one thing I told you to do?
Floss? Keep your
nut down! I did!
So why, for Sphinx's sakes,
is there not one, but two protests
going on outside that door?
The Professor did that,
not me. Well, hang on...
And why are you chucking apples at
some geezer strapped to a column?
Aurelius. Great to meet
you, sir. Love the beard.
It's jugball. It's... He
invented it, it was all him.
Finally, he admits it!
I couldn't give a
pharaoh's fat one.
I've only come here cos I've been
contacted by the bloody Emporium.
You've spent 15,420 dinaris,
and mostly on caviar.
That wasn't me, I
promise. Right.
Tutankhamen, give me the
bleeding card back.
I don't know where it is. I haven't
seen it since I gave it to...
Brilliant.
Have you got my card, boy?
Yeah.
Give it back, then, fuck face.
I'd rather not, to be honest.
Give it to me.
Let it go. Let it go.
Thank you.
Now, you, my palm, your
arse, now. Move it!
I'll eat you alive,
I'm telling you.
Bull's-eye.
Me tooth! He's knocked
out me hurty tooth!
Well, I couldn't say no.
Ptolemy made me an
absurdly generous offer.
What about that puppy you
were carrying around?
I put him down - in every sense.
That little dirt dispenser
shat all over my mosaic.
And Rambo, was he put down?
Sadly not.
He's now managing the
family vineyard,
which sounds like a monumentally
stupid idea to me, but there you go.
...and how about us?
Are there still
jobs for us here?
Yes. I've got some
'big jobs' for you.
Quick game of spongebucket?
Yeah, go on, then.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org